# python_api-challenge

Repo for the python API challenge - Data Analytics Bootcamp

Vincent Passanisi

Original Due Date: November 21, 2022

*Updated Due Date: November 28, 2022*

---

## Description

This repo contains the required files for the API Challlenge for Vincent Passanisi

## Files

README file: Background information and description of files in repo.

.gitignore file: Updated so as not to include any of my api keys.

**Instructions folder**: This folder contains the instructions and original files found on GitLab in the course repo.

**WeatherPy folder:** This folder contains the files below:

* *Images* folder contains images of the charts generated by my code.

* *output_data* folder contains the .csv output files generated by my code, and used to create my working data frames.

*WeatherPycomplete* is my completed WeatherPy challenge code.

*VacationPycomplete* is my completed VacationPy challenge code

## Results

This was one of the more challenging assignments for me to date. Part of the reason was that I wasn't aware that the homework files found on Canvas were much different from the class repo on Git Lab. I was using the class repo and it was missing some starter code that would have been very helpful. I ended up working out a lot of what I needed to do on my own, but I enlisted quite a bit of help from AskBCS and from my tutor that week.

## Comments and Thoughts

Lots of challenges throughout this exercise, but I learned a lot. I want to go back when I have time and re-do my work using Geoapify instead of Gmaps to see how different the results are. I had a lot of difficulty with my API calls, and understanding how to manipulate the results that were returned. Still trying to understand the iterrows function. I had help from tutors and AskBCS in order to get my code right. Not sure I could do it all on my own without more practice.

Another function I would like to spend more time on is the Matplotlib subplots function. I'm having trouble understanding what that does and how to best use it.

I did find I was able to solve most of my own problems when going through a final check of my code and cleaning it up in order to prepare it for submission.

I have to give a shoutout to my study group as well. I was able to bounce many of my difficulties off them, and I received some fabulous feedback. Thanks, my friends!


